stoppage. The Vendor shall not resume work unless specifically so directed in
writing by the County. The County may take one of the following actions:
1. Cancel the stop work order; or :
2. Terminate the work covered by the order; or
3. Terminate the Agreement in accordance with provisions contained in :
Section XI. /
In the event the County does not direct the Vendor to resume work, the stop
work order may be converted into a notice of termination for convenience :
pursuant to Section XII, The notice period for such termination shall be |
deemed to commence on the date of issuance of the stop work order. In the ;
event the County does not direct the Vendor to resume work within ninety (90) :
days, the Vendor may terminate this Agreement. :
XV. MISCELLANEOUS |
A. This Agreement constitutes the sole and complete understanding between
the parties and supersedes all other contracts between them, whether oral :
or written, with respect to the subject matter. No amendment, change or :
addendum to this Agreement is enforceable unless agreed to in writing by
both parties and incorporated into this Agreement. :
B. The provisions of this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding ‘
upon the respective successors and assignees of the parties hereto. A party
to this Agreement shall not sell, transfer, assign, license, franchise,
restructure, alter, or change its corporate structure or otherwise part with
possession or mortgage, charge or encumber any right or obligation under
this Agreement without the proposed assignee and/or party restructuring, :
altering or changing its corporate structure agreeing in writing with the
non-assigning party to observe and perform the terms, conditions and :
restrictions on the part of the assigning party to this Agreement, whether j
express or implied, as if the proposed assignee and/or party restructuring,
altering or changing its corporate structure was an original contracting
party to this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing provision, the |
Vendor may assign its rights if given written authorization by the County
and claims for the money due or to become due to the Vendor from the
County under this Agreement may be assigned to a financial institution or
to a trustee in bankruptcy without such approval from the County. Notice
of any such transfer or assignment due to bankruptcy shall be promptly
given to the County.
Cc. The exercise by either party of any rights or remedies provided herein shall
not constitute a waiver of any other rights or remedies available under this
Agreement or any applicable flaw.
D. The failure of the County to enforce one or more of the provisions of the |
Agreement shall not be construed to be and shail not be a waiver of any
Solicitation No. RFP220362BIJB Page 8 of 38
