B. After receipt of a notice of termination, except as otherwise directed, the
Vendor shall stop work on the date of receipt of the notice of termination :
or other date specified in the notice; place no further orders or sub-
contracts for materials, services, or facilities except as necessary for :
completion of such portion of the work not terminated; terminate all :
vendors and subcontracts; and settle all outstanding liabilities and claims. ;

C. The County’s rights under this Agreement shall survive the termination or |
expiration of this Agreement and are not waived by final payment or :
acceptance and are in addition to the Vendor’s obligations under this
Agreement. /

XIII. DISPUTE RESOLUTION ;

A. In the event of a dispute or claim arising out of this Agreement, the parties
agree first to try in good faith to settle the dispute by direct discussion. If :
this is unsuccessful, the parties may enter into mediation in Lee County, :
Florida, with the parties sharing equally in the cost of such mediation. |

B. In the event mediation, if attempted, is unsuccessful in resolving a dispute,
the parties may proceed to litigation as set forth below. |

C. Any dispute, action or proceeding arising out of or related to this Agreement
will be exclusively commenced in the state courts of Lee County, Florida, or
where proper subject matter jurisdiction exists, in the United States District
Court for the Middle District of Florida. Each party irrevocably submits and :
waives any objections to the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of
such courts, including any objection based on forum non conveniens.

D. This Agreement and the rights and obligations of the parties shall be
governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to its conflict of
laws principles.

E. Unless otherwise agreed in writing, the Vendor shall be required to continue
all obligations under this Agreement during the pendency of a claim or
dispute including, but not limited to, actual periods of mediation or judicial :
proceedings.

XIV. STOP WORK ORDER

The County may, at any time, by written order to the Vendor, require the

Vendor to stop all or any part of the work called for by this Agreement. Any

order shall be identified specifically as a stop work order issued pursuant to

this clause. This order shall be effective as of the date the order is delivered to

the Vendor. Upon receipt of such an order, the Vendor shall immediately

comply with its terms and take all reasonable steps to minimize the incurrence

of costs allocable to the work covered by the order during the period of work

Solicitation No. RFP220362BJB Page 7 of 38
