F. The Vendor shall comply with the Vendor Background Screening Affidavit

attached hereto and incorporated herein as Exhibit D. :

IX. OWNERSHIP OF PRODUCTS |
It is understood and agreed that all products provided under this Agreement

shall become the property of the County upon acceptance by the County.

X. TIMELY DELIVERY OF PRODUCTS AND PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES |

A. The Vendor shail ensure that all of its staff, contractors and suppliers
involved in the production or delivery of the products are fully qualified and :
capable to perform their assigned tasks. ;

B. The personnel assigned by the Vendor to perform the services pursuant to
this Agreement shall comply with the terms set forth in this Agreement. If
the services provided require use of specific key personnel, the personnel
shall be agreed to by the County and Vendor. If the Vendor’s key personnel
have been predetermined and approved, through the Solicitation process
or otherwise, any subsequent change or substitution to the personnel must :
receive the County’s written approval before said changes or substitution /
can become effective.

C. The Vendor specifically agrees that all products shall be delivered within
the time limits as set forth in this Agreement, subject only to delays caused
by force majeure, or as otherwise defined herein. “Force majeure” shall be
deemed to be any unforeseeable and unavoidable cause affecting the
performance of this Agreement arising from or attributable to acts, events, :
omissions or accidents beyond the control of the parties.

XI. COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW |
| This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida. Vendor
shall promptly comply with all applicable federal, state, county and municipal |
| laws, ordinances, regulations, and rules relating to the services to be
| performed hereunder and in effect at the time of performance. Vendor shall
conduct no activity or provide any service that is unlawful or offensive.
XII. TERMINATION
| A. The County shall have the right at any time upon thirty (30) days’ written
notice to the Vendor to terminate this Agreement in whole or in part for
any reason whatsoever. In the event of such termination, the County shall
| be responsible to Vendor only for fees and compensation earned by the
: Vendor, in accordance with Section III, prior to the effective date of said
termination. In no event shall the County be responsible for lost profits of
Vendor or any other elements of breach of contract.
Solicitation No. RFP220362BJB Page 6 of 38
:
