alike as set forth in attached EXHIBIT “E”, entitled “PROJECT FUNDING

PACKAGE", which shall be inclusive of original solicitation package with Vendor i

executed documents, grant funding provisions, and addendums. :

II. TERM AND DELIVERYs :

A. This Agreement shall commence immediately upon the execution of all i
parties and shall continue on an “as needed basis” for a five (5) year period. ;
Upon mutual written agreement of both parties, the parties may renew the :
Agreement, in whole or in part, for a renewal term or terms not to exceed :
the initial Agreement term of five (5) years. The increments of renewal :
shall be at the sole discretion of the County as deemed in its best interest, :

B. A purchase order must be issued by the County before commencement of
any work or purchase of any goods related to this Agreement. i

Tit. COMPENSATION AND PAYMENT

A. The County shall pay the Vendor in accordance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement for providing all products and services as set :
forth in Exhibit A, and further described in Exhibit B, Fee Schedule, attached :
hereto and incorporated herein. Said total amount to be all inclusive of :
costs necessary to provide all products and services as outlined in this :
Agreement, and as supported by the Vendor’s submittal in response to the
Solicitation, a copy of which is on file with the County’s Department of
Procurement Management and is deemed incorporated into this Agreement.

B. Notwithstanding the preceding, Vendor shall not make any deliveries or :
perform any services under this Agreement until receipt of written
authorization from the County. Vendor acknowledges and agrees that no :
minimum order or amount of product or service is guaranteed under this
Agreement and County may elect to request no products or services. If the
County authorizes delivery of products or performance of services, the :
County reserves the right to amend, reduce, or cancel the authorization in :
its sole discretion. /

C. All funds for payment by the County under this Agreement are subject to
the availability of an annual appropriation for this purpose by the County.

In the event of non-appropriation of funds by the County for the services
provided under this Agreement, the County will terminate the contract,
without termination charge or other liability, on the last day of the then
current fiscal year or when the appropriation made for the then-current
year for the services covered by this Agreement is spent, whichever event
occurs first. If at any time funds are not appropriated for the continuance
of this Agreement, cancellation shall be accepted by the Vendor on thirty
(30) days’ prior written notice, but failure to give such notice shall be of no |
Solicitation No. RFP220362BIB Page 2 of 38
