effect and the County shall not be obligated under this Agreement beyond |
the date of termination. i
IV. METHOD OF PAYMENT
A. The County shall pay the Vendor in accordance with the Local Government
Prompt Payment Act, Section 218.70, Florida Statutes, upon receipt of the :
Vendor's invoice and written approval of same by the County indicating that ;
the products and services have been provided in conformity with this i
Agreement.
B. The Vendor shall submit an invoice for payment to the County on a monthly
basis for those specific services as described in Exhibit A (and the i
corresponding fees as described in Exhibit B) that were provided during :
that invoicing period. :
C. For partial shipments or deliveries, progress payments shall be paid
monthly in proportion to the percentage of products and services delivered /
on those specific line items as approved in writing by the County.
V. ADDITIONAL PURCHASES
A. No changes to this Agreement or the performance contemplated hereunder |
shall be made unless the same are in writing and signed by both the Vendor :
and the County.
B. If the County requires the Vendor to perform additional services or provide
additional product(s) related to this Agreement, then the Vendor shall be /
entitled to additional compensation based on the Fee Schedule as amended
to the extent necessary to accommodate such additional work or
product(s). The additional compensation shall be agreed upon before
commencement of any additional services or provision of additional :
product(s) and shall be incorporated into this Agreement by written :
amendment. The County shall not pay for any additional service, work
performed or product provided before a written amendment to this
Agreement.
Notwithstanding the preceding, in the event additional services are required
as a result of error, omission or negligence of the Vendor, the Vendor shall
not be entitled to additional compensation.
VI. LIABILITY OF VENDOR
A. The Vendor shall save, defend, indemnify and hold harmless the County
from and against any and all claims, actions, damages, fees, fines,
penalties, defense costs, suits or liabilities which may arise out of any act,
neglect, error, omission or default of the Vendor arising out of or in any
Solicitation No. RFP220362BJB Page 3 of 38 |
