way connected with the Vendor or subcontractor’s performance or failure
to perform under the terms of this Agreement. :

B. This section shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

VII. VENDOR'S INSURANCE
A. Vendor shall procure and maintain insurance as specified in Exhibit C /
Insurance Requirements, attached hereto and made a part of this ;
Agreement.
B. Vendor shall, on a primary basis and at its sole expense, maintain in full :
force and effect, at all times during the life of this Agreement, insurance (
coverage (including endorsements) and limits as described in Exhibit C. |

These requirements, as well as the County’s review or acceptance of
insurance maintained by Vendor, are not intended to and shall not in i
any manner limit or qualify the liabilities or obligations assumed by
Vendor under this Agreement. Insurance carriers providing coverage :
required herein must be licensed to conduct business in the State of i
Florida and must possess a current A.M. Best’s Financial Strength Rating i
of “B or better.” No changes are to be made to these specifications /

without prior written specific approval by County Risk Management. To
the extent multiple insurance coverages and/or County's self-insured
retention may apply, any and all insurance coverage purchased by :
Vendor and its subcontractors identifying the County as an additional
named insured shall be primary.

VIII. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE VENDOR

A. The Vendor shall be responsible for the quality and functionality of all
products supplied and services performed by or at the behest of the Vendor
under this Agreement. The Vendor shall, without additional compensation,
correct any errors or deficiencies in its products, or if directed by County, /
supply a comparable replacement product or service.

B. The Vendor warrants that it has not employed or retained any company or
person (other than a bona fide employee working solely for the Vendor), to
solicit or secure this Agreement and that it has not paid or agreed to pay
any person, company, corporation, individual, or firm other than a bona
fide employee working solely for the Vendor, any fee, commission,
percentage, gift, or any other consideration, contingent upon or resulting
from the award of this Agreement.

Cc. The Vendor shall comply with all federal, state, and local laws, regulations
and ordinances applicable to the work or payment for work thereof, and
shall not discriminate on the grounds of race, color, religion, sex, or national :
origin in the performance of work under this Agreement.

| Solicitation No. RFP220362BIJB Page 4 of 38
|
|
