D. Vendor specifically acknowledges its obligations to comply with Section
119.0701, Florida Statutes, with regard to public records, and shall:
1) keep and maintain public records that ordinarily and necessarily
would be required by the County in order to perform the services i
required under this Agreement, :
2) upon request from the County, provide the County with a copy of the
requested records or allow the records to be inspected or copied
within a reasonable time at a cost that does not exceed the cost
provided in Chapter 119, Florida Statutes, or as otherwise provided /
by law; i
3) ensure that public records that are exempt or confidential and
exempt from public records disclosure requirements are not :
disclosed, except as authorized by law; and :
4) meet all requirements for retaining public records and transfer, at no
cost to the County, all public records in possession of Vendor upon |
termination of this Agreement and destroy any duplicate public
records that are exempt or confidential and exempt from public :
records disclosure requirements. All records stored electronically
must be provided to the County in a format that is compatible with :
the information technology system of the County. :
IF THE VENDOR HAS QUESTIONS REGARDING THE /
APPLICATION OF CHAPTER 119, FLORIDA STATUTES, :
TO THE VENDOR’S DUTY TO PROVIDE PUBLIC /
RECORDS RELATING TO THE CONTRACT, CONTACT
THE CUSTODIAN OF PUBLIC RECORDS AT 239-533- ;
2221, 2115 SECOND STREET, FORT MYERS, FL 33901,
PRRCustodian@leegov.com;
http: //www.leegov.com/publicrecords.
E. The Vendor is, and shall be, in the performance of all work, services and /
activities under this Agreement, an independent contractor. Vendor is not
an employee, agent or servant of the County and shall not represent itself
as such. All persons engaged in any work or services performed pursuant
to this Agreement shall at all times, and in all places, be subject to the
Vendor's sole direction, supervision and control. The Vendor shall exercise
control over the means and manner in which it and its employees perform :
the work, and in all respects the Vendor’s relationship and the relationship :
of its employees to the County shall be that of an independent contractor j
and not as employees of the County. The Vendor shall be solely responsible /
for providing benefits and insurance to its employees.
Solicitation No. RFP220362BIB Page 5 of 38
